docs: add example with update (#1877)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/getting-started.rst

  ``merge`` action with a ``method`` parameter containing the merge method to
  use.

.. note::

>     Mergify is event driven bot so even you add this cool rule, it wound be executed till each PR is updated
>      or the bot is pinged in a comment as `@Mergifyio refresh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Mergify is event-driven: rules are only executed when pull requests are updated
    or when the bot is manually triggered in a comment with `@Mergifyio refresh` (see :ref:`Commands`).
```
